Disclaimer
Introduction
Last Updated: 26-03-2021

The information provided by login.live (“We,” “Us” or “Our”) on login.live (“This Program”) is for general informational purposes only. All information on this Program is provided in good faith, however, We make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on this Program.

Under no circumstance shall We have any liability to You for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of this Program or reliance on any information provided on this Program. Your use of this Program and Your reliance on any information on this Program is solely at Your own risk.

1 Consent
By using this Program, You hereby consent to this Disclaimer and agree to its terms.

We will not be liable for any damages experienced in connection with the use of this Program.

If You do not agree with this Disclaimer, STOP now and do not access or use this this Program

2 Content Disclaimer
We are not responsible or liable in any manner for any content posted on this Program or in connection with this Program, whether posted or caused by users of this Program or by Us. Although We provide rules for user conduct and postings, We do not control and are not responsible for what the users post, transmit or share on this Program, and are not responsible for any offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful or otherwise objectionable content You may encounter on this Program. We are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of this Program.

3 External Links Disclaimer
this Program may contain (or You may be sent through the this Program links to other sites or content belonging to or originating from third parties or links to sites and features in banners or other advertising. We do not investigate, monitor, or check such external links for accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness.

We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any information offered by third-party websites linked through this Program or any site or feature linked in any banner or other advertising. We will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between You and third-party providers of products or services.

4 Fair Use Notice
this Program contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We believe this constitutes a “fair use” of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. If You wish to use copyrighted material from this Program for purposes of Your own that go beyond fair use, You must obtain permission from the copyright owner.

5 Personal Responsibility
You acknowledge You are using this Program voluntarily and that any choices, actions and results now and in the future are solely Your responsibility.

We will not be liable to You or any other party for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information given in this Program.

6 Contact Us
If You require any more information or have any questions about this Program's disclaimer, please feel free to contact Us by email at rooseveltguy63@gmail.com.